												Team Minutes:

Meeting 1:
Hosted by Yaqoob Muhammad 
Participants: Awais Hussain, Naqib Rahman, Saleh Aldharhani, Haris Kadu, Filza Tahir, Mohammed Ismail, Yaqoob Muhammad. 
NO ABSENTEES. 
14:00-15:00 | 28/01/2025
Team members introduced themselves to one another; we discussed each of our strengths and then looked over the project options given on canvas. 
We worked through all of them and evaluated which ones out of the five we would like to do but also how they would suit each out strengths. 
We came to the conclusion that projects 1, 5 and 2 respectively would be the best choices in accordance to our team strengths but also our liking. 
We then collaborated and wrote our Project Justification in which we all showcased the mentioned strengths and why we should have our first choice. 
Plan for Next Week: 
Start the designing process after asking the client various questions in relation to our project and their preferences. 

Meeting 2:
Hosted by Awais Hussain
Participants: Awais Hussain, Naqib Rahman, Saleh Aldharhani, Filza Tahir, Yaqoob Muhammad, Mohammed Ismail.
Absentee: Haris Kadu - absent due to mosque exam. 
14:00-15:50 | 14/02/2025
Team members arrived and began to work through ideas for potential question for the upcoming meeting with the client. 
Meeting was scheduled at 15:20-15:40.
We worked through our 1 hour 20 minutes of prep time by collaborating and working out questions; we decided to narrow it down to questions on users interacting with the program, softwares already in use by the client to ensure compatibility, interfacing and a couple others. 
We allocated our team members to ask a question each at least to ensure we all got the information we needed to work efficiently on our project. 
We met with the client at around 15:20 who introduced himself and told us about what he expected with the required software. 
We both voice recorded and took notes on what he replied and told us about so we did not miss any crucial information. 

Meeting 3:
Hosted by Awais Hussain
Participants: Awais Hussain, Naqib Rahman, Saleh Aldharhani, Filza Tahir, Yaqoob Muhammad, Mohammed Ismail, Haris Kadu.
NO ABSENTEES.
14:00-15:30 | 05/02/2025
Team members were shown how to use GitHub by Awais. 
Users will be uploading documents and keeping track of work through the application and throughout the 12 weeks. 
Plan for Next Week: 
Assign roles within the project and allocate tasks. 
Come up with rudimentary design of the project.

Meeting 4:
Hosted by Yaqoob Muhammad
Participants: Awais Hussain, Naqib Rahman, Saleh Aldharhani, Filza Tahir, Yaqoob Muhammad, Mohammed Ismail, Haris Kadu. 
NO ABSENTEES.
14:00-15:45 | 11/02/2025
Confirmed roles within the team.
Began to design the Software Design Document, System Requirement Specification, and Class Diagrams. 




